How did that happen?
The world has never lost a war
It was easily cracked by him
Who the hell is he?
Kid Tian Gang Zhan Zhan Zhan Dare
It's a unique stunt of my five gods
How did you know the weakness?
Be honest
What is the point of you stealing my Martial Shentai stunt?
steal
Ridiculous, pathetic, lamentable.
Less sarcastic
Today, why don't you give a microcosm?
Don't you want to get out of here?
So listen up.
This day, Gao Zhan Zhen was created by me, Luo Zhan
Nonsense
The Tiangang Battle Formation was misheard by the Martial God
A generation of ants
Dare to determine the prestige of the Martial God here
You have only learned the ordinariness of Tiangang warriors
How dare you be arrogant here
It's a loss of face, everyone
Pretending to be Lord Valkyrie, but being one of the brothers
Please also invite all the martial arts practitioners present
Join forces with our four guardians to catch this person